README.md, before:

### Hello! I'm Jacques✨, welcome to my GitHub profile!

#### **Links:**
- [Portfolio](https://sites.google.com/view/jacquesvisserjnr) 🧑‍💻 
- [Itch.io](https://jacquesjnr.itch.io) 🎮 
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/JacquesVJr)  🐦 
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4c3NKjS2vlJP4EkRqbB-jQ) 🎬
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacques-visser-b09786154/) 💼 

#### **About Me:** 🏳️‍🌈

I'm a baking, rock climbing and D&D playing Unity game developer. Student [@UCSCGame](https://twitter.com/UCSCGame); studying Games & Playable Media.

My pinned repos are some of my best work, you'll find them all with README's explaining the project & the work I contributed to them. See my games in action on YouTube or Itch!

#### **Current Project:** 🚧
*KonPon!* 

A 2D, Japanese Language Learning Point & Click Adventure (links soon!)

#### **Favorite Project:** 🙌
[Reject Humanity: Return to Monkey](https://github.com/JacquesJnr/GAME-202-Reject-Humanity ) 🐵 - Alt Control Monkey Simulator.

Commit message:

Added Glowing Garden Links to Profile

README.md, after:

### Hello! I'm Jacques✨, welcome to my GitHub profile!

#### **Links:**
- [Portfolio](https://sites.google.com/view/jacquesvisserjnr) 🧑‍💻 
- [Itch.io](https://jacquesjnr.itch.io) 🎮 
- [Twitter](https://twitter.com/JacquesVJr)  🐦 
- [YouTube](https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC4c3NKjS2vlJP4EkRqbB-jQ) 🎬
- [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jacques-visser-b09786154/) 💼 

#### **About Me:** 🏳️‍🌈

I'm a baking, rock climbing and D&D playing Unity game developer. Student [@UCSCGame](https://twitter.com/UCSCGame); studying Games & Playable Media.

My pinned repos are some of my best work, you'll find them all with README's explaining the project & the work I contributed to them. See my games in action on YouTube or Itch!

#### **Current Project:** 🚧
*Glowing Garden* 

A 2D, relaxing, casual mushroom growing game about an adventurous fungal friend.
[Glowing Garden on Itch.io](https://activeduckstudio.itch.io/glowing-garden) 🍄 Available on Windows & MacOS.

#### **Favorite Project:** 🙌
[Reject Humanity: Return to Monkey](https://github.com/JacquesJnr/GAME-202-Reject-Humanity ) 🐵 - Alt Control Monkey Simulator.

[YouTube Demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=g0iM2NH1SwI) 🐵 - Game Demo
